all right it's part two of building a
new vertical smoker and high def today
we're going to be working on the inner
frame we've already put up the Box
Thresh welded the box we've got it
squared up which is the big outer frame
now we're going to be working on the
inner components and we're going to get
outside and get to welding in a minute
we're just going to go over some of the
dimensions here and some of what we're
going to do so if you want to come
around here take a look at the screen so
what we have here is is we've Tad's it
out our frame and this is what it looks
like and so today we'll be putting these
pieces in these cross members these
uprights and then would put putting in
the floor and then some more uprights to
where we're building an inner frame
inside of the box that we already have
we'll have these chimneys fabricated and
then we'll have a wall put in that goes
into you around here around the back and
that makes our inner wall that way we'll
be able to insulate outside and around
it and then we'll put an outer shell on
this cooker when we're done so that's
what we're going to be working on today
we're about to get outside and do it
yeah that's fine yeah the back of the
stack is go ahead on that frame so stack
of Center onto that and then and then
what we'll have is will have a it'll be
a full tray in the bottom okay like a
water clean so it'll have it'll have
walls about two inches thick and so then
we'll have the wall that'll go out and
around the stacks okay and then we'll
have the other wall that will come on
the inside of the stacks and that'll be
a you and it'll be about two three
inches shorter and that's where the heat
will come around up out of the top and
then we'll get the heat under the bottom
from the water paper yeah so we just
need to go on our marks there on the
bottom that those crossmembers in and
then we'll come up with our other
without with our upward our vertical
members
so catch our verticals and then and then
we'll put angle put the angle on our
uprights and then build the box
synchronized drinking while we're
working a man's got to eat
well what we did today we got the we got
crossmembers in here you're going to be
supporting the floor and support our
water pan put in these six vertical
members the two down at the bottom
horizontal members we got these two up
at the top horizontal members and then
these tall vertical members these are
going to support the one of the inner
walls this is going to support the water
pan and the floor these are going to
have some angle iron slides on them and
down here is where our firebox is going
to be back wall and the chimneys will be
here on this back part so we got a lot
done today we got this frame shored up
we'll be fabricating our chimneys and
then we'll start to build out the
interior so we'll let you know when we
get back next time stay tuned to the peg
leg porker Channel